# CS-255

For the DriverPass project the customer was the company DriverPass, the boss of DriverPass Liam and the IT officer Ian being the ones seeking to have the system created. They wanted a system that could help student drivers pass their driving test. It would allow students to study driving rules and laws as well as take practice tests. It would also make it possible for students to schedule practice driving sessions in order to prepare for taking their driving test. The system would include the ability for an administrator to access all information and download reports, a secretary to create student information to create accounts, schedule the lessons, and take payments, it would also allow drivers to see schedules for driving sessions, as well as leave notes for students on their driving.
During this project I did particularly well on creating the different UML diagrams for the parts of the project. I understood the process of creating them well and was able to create a variety of different diagrams that received full marks. I also did well at interpreting diagrams and explaining what they showed.

If there is one section of my projects I would revise it would be the sections regarding assumptions and limitations of the project. What I would change on these sections would be refine my assumptions and limitations to be more specific. I tended to be too vague in the descriptions in my projects.

In order to interpret the user’s needs I read through the interview and background information to get an understanding of what DriverPass wanted out of the system. It is important to take user needs into account when designing a system in order to make sure it will be functional and useful to them. If you don’t pay close attention to use needs you will end up wasting your time creating something that will not work.

My approach to designing software is to first outline what the goals or functions of the project. From there I figure out the best way to achieve those goals. Then I think about how I want to organize the classes that I will need for the system. Then I go from there to create the system. I also think about how it is going to work, does it need to pull information from different files, does it need to save data between different sessions, will there be multiple users, what security is necessary, and so on. Each of these questions help me to figure out what I need to do to make something that is going to work well for the project I am working on.
